The video opens with a black screen.
A black and white image of a decaying
leaf appears.
The view zooms in to reveal
the skeleton of the leaf.
The view zooms out to reveal the leaf
image hosted on the web site Flickr.
The cursor clicks in the web browser.
Thumbnail images appear.
The cursor selects a thumbnail.
An image of multicolored wires appears.
The view zooms in on the wires.
The screen fades to black.
A title appears:
I'm a Map I'm a Green Tree.
A search field appears and a cursor types:
"network" and selects a search button.
Thumbnail images appear in a browser.
The cursor clicks on a thumbnail.
A visualization fills the screen titled:
Network of testimonials: flickr's
social network.
The image zooms in on nodes in
the network, then zooms back out.
The cursor clicks the back button.
The decaying leaf image appears.
The image zooms in on text
beneath the leaf. A phrase is highlighted:
After a leaf falls to the ground, microbes
in the soil consume
the leaf's soft tissue.
A new phrase is highlighted: The leaf's
vascular network can now easily be seen.
The image zooms in on the leaf,
the branches of its vascular network
show black against a white background.
The image zooms out to show the browser.
The screen dissolves, then shows a search
field with text: language paradox.
A search button is pressed and a
browser with search results appears.
The cursor clicks a link and a page from
a google books scan fills the screen.
At the top is a title: Chapter One
The Language of Paradox.
A phrase is highlighted: of paradox;
apparently the truth which the poet
utters can be approached
only in terms of paradox.
A callout appears: Brooks, Cleanth. The
Well Wrought Urn. New York:
Harcourt, 1975.
The cursor scrolls through scanned book
pages, the a passage is highlighted:
[The poet must] work by analogies,
metaphors do not lie in the same plane
or fit neatly edge to edge. There is a
continual tilting of the planes;
necessary overlappings, discrepancies,
contradictions.
The image zooms in to highlight
a single word: contradictions.
The search box appears, the cursor types
metaphors, then clicks a search button.
Search results fill the browser.
The cursor selects a link.
A wikipedia page appears titled: Metaphor.
The cursor highlights and copies text.
A text editor window appears.
The cursor pastes text into the editor.
A passage is highlighted: [metaphor] is in
two parts: the tenor and the vehicle.
The tenor is the subject to which
attributes are ascribed. The vehicle
is the subject whose attributes are
borrowed. . . .
The cursor types HTML tags to create
a link to the wikipedia page.
The image zooms out, and then the screen
fills with a browser window. The page
shows a video, video thumbnails,
and a title: Get a Mac. The cursor clicks
a thumbnail. A video fills the screen.
Two figures appear against a white
background. On the left is a man in a
trench coat. On the right is a man in a
blue shirt. The figure on the left wears
dark glasses attached to a fake nose
and mustache. The figures converse.
The man in the trench coat hands
the man in the blue shirt a pair of dark
glasses with fake nose and mustache.
The figures converse. The man in the blue
shirt refuses the disguise glasses.
The man in the trench coat begins to
leave. The man in the blue shirt winks.
The screen fills with a scanning software
window scanning a page from a book.
A book scan fills the screen. A callout
appears: Latour, Bruno. Reassembling
the Social. Oxford University Press, 2005.
A passage is highlighted: a network
is not made of nylon thread, words or any
durable substance but is the trace left
behind by some moving agent. It has to be
traced anew by the passage of another
vehicle, another circulating entity.
The image zooms in to show the page with
pencil marks around words:
vehicle
circulating
The image zooms out, then the screen fills
with a browser showing image thumbnails.
The cursor clicks a thumbnail. An image
of colored pencils appears. The cursor
rolls over the image showing annotations:
Fantastic detail,
Wow . . . texture,
amazing use of the focus ;),
I love this color :D great job!
A browser fills the screen. The
cursor clicks on a video thumbnail.
A video fills the screen. On the right
is a man in a blue shirt.
On the left is a man in a
brown suit seated in a
wheelchair with casts on
both arms and one leg.
The man in the wheelchair gestures
and grimaces.
The man in the blue shirt mimics pulling
on a power cord
The video cuts back and forth
between the two figures.
The video shows a Mac laptop with
its power cord pulled loose.
A browser window fills the screen showing
Get a Mac video thumbnails.
The screen dissolves, then shows an e-mail
application window.
The cursor copies text
from an e-mail message.
A text editor fills the screen. The cursor
pastes in text: Mac: The Shins
PC: Kelly Clarkson.
The screen shifts to a close up of
the copied text, then zooms out to
show the text in an image editing
application.
The cursor manipulates text and images
in the editing program.
The cursor copies a stick figure, then
pastes it into the editor several times.
The cursor copies a light bulb drawing,
then pastes it several times.
The cursor copies and pastes a document
drawing into the editor several times.
The cursor continue to copy and paste
items in the editor.
The screen swipes to reveal a new image
editor window. A scanned page from a
book fills the editor. The image zooms in
and a passage is highlighted:
They, too, depend on a flood of entities
to exist. To be an 'actor' is now at last
a fully artificial and fully traceable
gathering.
A video fills the screen. On the right is
a man in a blue shirt. On the left is a
man in a brown suit. Behind them is a man
in a black suit wearing mirrored glasses.
The man in the blue shirt asks a question.
The figure in the back speaks.
The man in the brown suit responds.
The figures converse, with the man in the
back intervening in the dialog.
The video shows an iMac computer.
The screen fills with a video showing a
man in a blue shirt on the right and
a man in a brown suit on the left.
In small font, text appears across the
bottom of the video.
The figures converse, and more text
accumulates at the bottom of the video.
The man in the brown suit speaks and
small text fills the entire video.
The video shows an iMac computer.
The screen dissolves to reveal an image
editor. A scanned page fills the editor.
The scan is rotated in the editor.
The image zooms in, showing a layers
palette in the editor.
The image zooms in further to show
a layer titled: Transformation.
A web browser fills the screen. It shows a
title: Pandora.
The image zooms in on a Create a New
Station field. The cursor types shins.
The browser loads a song and description.
The image zooms in on a passage:
mellow rock instrumentation.
An image editor fills the screen. A file
is opened in the editor showing a scanned
page. A callout appears: Hesse, Doug.
"Response to Cynthia Selfe. . . ."
CCC. 61.3 (Feb 2010) 602-3.
The cursor uses tools in the image editor,
painting over a passage in the page with
yellow.
The cursor turns down the opacity on the
yellow paint, revealing the passage:
Writing describes a subset of rhetoric:
those productions whose mode of
delivery is written language. . . .
The screen fills with a new image editor
window. A scanned page fills the editor.
A passage is highlighted: the circulation
of quasi-standards allow[s] anonymous
and isolated agencies to slowly become,
layer after layer, comparable and
commensurable--which is surely a large
part of what we mean by being human. . . .
The image zooms in on the passage: freedom
is getting out of a bad bondage
not an absence of bonds.
The image zooms out, then dissolves,
revealing a GarageBand editor window.
The image zooms in on the editor. It shows
the cursor moving an audio sample into
a channel on the timeline. The playhead
moves over the timeline.
The playhead moves over the audio sample.
In the GarageBand editor, the cursor
presses stop.
Text appears: iamdananderson.net